Add Trusted Publishing doc (#3442)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/nuget-org/trusted-publishing.md

> ⚠️ **Heads up:** If you don’t see the **Trusted Publishing** option in your nuget.org account, it might not be available to you yet. We’re rolling it out gradually.

## How it works

Here’s the basic flow:

1. Your CI/CD system (like GitHub Actions) runs a workflow.
2. It issues a short-lived token.
3. That token is sent to nuget.org.
4. NuGet verifies it and returns a temporary API key.
5. Your workflow uses that key to push the package.

NuGet’s temporary API keys are valid for **15 minutes**, so your workflow should request the key shortly before publishing.
If you request it too early, it might expire before the push happens. 

Each short-lived token can only be used once to obtain a single temporary API key—one token, one API key.

This setup gives you a secure and automated way to publish packages, without the risks that come with long-lived secrets.

## GitHub Actions Setup

To get started:

1. Log into nuget.org.
2. Click your username and choose **Trusted Publishing**.

> 3. Add a new trusted publishing policy. You’ll need to provide your GitHub org, repo, workflow file, and few other details.

Reviewer: Consider adding a visual/screenshot of add new policy UI for enhancing the content experience.

    
    steps:
      # Build your artifacts/my-sdk.nupkg package here
    
      # Get a short-lived NuGet API key
      - name: NuGet login
        id: nuget_login
        uses: nuget/login@v1
        with:
          user: ${{secrets.NUGET_USER}}
          source: https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json
    
      # Push the package
      - name: NuGet push
        run: dotnet nuget push artifacts/my-sdk.nupkg -k ${{steps.nuget_login.outputs.NUGET_API_KEY}} -s https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json
```

## Policy Ownership

When you create a Trusted Publishing policy, you need to choose who owns it. The owner can be either:

- **You (an individual user)**
- **An organization you belong to**

The policy will apply to all packages owned by the selected owner. That means it controls who can publish or modify those packages using Trusted Publishing.

If you choose an organization, make sure you're an active member. If you leave the org later, the policy may become inactive until you're added back.

Choosing the right owner helps ensure your publishing setup stays secure and aligned with your team’s structure.

## Policies Pending Full Activation

> Sometimes when you create a Trusted Publishing policy, we can’t get the GitHub repository and owner IDs right away. 

Reviewer: Suggestions: 
It might improve clarity if we say what happens and then why. 
Please clarify who/what 'we' is.

> Sometimes when you create a Trusted Publishing policy, we can’t get the GitHub repository and owner IDs right away. 
> This usually happens with private repos. Once these IDs are available—typically after a successful publish—the policy
> becomes **active indefinitely**.
> 
> Why does that matter? Because we use those IDs to lock the policy to the original repo and owner. That helps prevent resurrection attacks. Without the IDs, someone could delete a repo, recreate it with the same name, and try to publish as if nothing changed.
> 
> If we don’t have the IDs, the policy starts out as **active for 7 days**. You’ll see this in the UI. It works like a regular policy, but it will automatically become **inactive** after **7 days** unless a publish occurs.
> 
> If no publish happens in time, the policy becomes **inactive**. You can reset the 7-day timer at any point, even if the policy has already become inactive after the initial window expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a Trusted Publishing policy, sometimes it starts out as temporarily active for 7 days. You’ll see this status in the UI. During this time, it behaves like a regular policy. But if no publish happens within those 7 days, the policy automatically becomes inactive. You can restart the 7-day window at any time—even after it expires.

Why is this temporary period necessary? Because for newly created policies it may take NuGet can’tsometime to get the GitHub repository and owner IDs, especially for private repos. These IDs are critical—they lock the policy to the original repo and owner, which helps prevent resurrection attacks. Without them, someone could delete a repo, recreate it with the same name, and try to publish as if nothing changed.

Once a successful publish provides those IDs, the policy becomes permanently active.
```
